Document entity attribute translations (#1591)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/internationalization/core.md

}
```

> #### Entity attribute state of entities

Reviewer: I think the term is "state attributes".

> #### Entity attribute state of entities

Reviewer: I think the term is "state attributes".
```suggestion
#### Entity state attributes
```

:::info

> Translation of entity attribute states also requires frontend support, which is currently only available for `climate` entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translation of entity state attributes also requires frontend support, which is currently only available for `climate` entities.
```

> Translation of entity attribute states also requires frontend support, which is currently only available for `climate` entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translation of entity state attributes also requires frontend support, which is currently only available for `climate` entities.
```

:::

> Integrations can provide translations for states of its entities' entity attribues under other integrations like sensor if the base entity component does not provide translations, or if the translation provided by the base entity component do not match the integration's entity. To do this, provide an `entity` dictionary, that contains translations for entity attribute states and set the entity's `translation_key` property to a key under a domain in the `entity` dictionary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations can provide translations for its entities' state attributes under other integrations like sensor if the base entity component does not provide translations, or if the translation provided by the base entity component do not match the integration's entity. To do this, provide an `entity` dictionary, that contains translations for entity state attributes and set the entity's `translation_key` property to a key under a domain in the `entity` dictionary.
```

To differentiate entities and their translations, provide different translation keys. The following example `strings.json` is for a `demo` domain `climate` entity with its `translation_key` property set to `ubercool`, which has custom `fan_mode` and `swing_mode` settings:

```json
{
  "entity": {
    "climate": {
      "ubercool": {
        "state_attributes": {
          "fan_mode": {
            "state": {
              "auto_high": "Auto High",
              "auto_low": "Auto Low",
              "on_high": "On High",
              "on_low": "On Low"
            }
          },
          "swing_mode": {
            "state": {
              "1": "1",
              "2": "2",
              "3": "3",
              "auto": "Auto",
              "off": "Off"
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Entity attribute name and state of entity components

:::info
Translation of entity attribute names and states also requires frontend support, which is currently only available for `climate` entities.
:::

> If your integration provides entities under its domain, you will want to translate the name of entity attributes and alsow entity attribute states. You do this by offering a `state_attributes` dictionary, that contains translations for entity attributes with different device classes. The key `_` is used for entities without a device class.

Reviewer: What entity attributes other than state attributes need translation?
```suggestion
If your integration provides entities under its domain, you will want to translate the name of entity attributes and also entity state attributes. You do this by offering a `state_attributes` dictionary, that contains translations for entity attributes with different device classes. The key `_` is used for entities without a device class.
```
